# Background

Wow, this trip was noteworthy enough to make a GitHub folder of trip reports!

The idea for this trip came up through a couple of unrelated ideas all coalescing into a single goal. 

The first piece of the puzzle had been in place for a while: Cedar Fair had sold the land underneath California's Great America, with an order to have the park demolished within 10 years. This set a timer on me, and every year the writing is clearer on the wall. It's unknown whether the park cutting their seasonal events is related to chain-wide budget cuts, or another notice that the park's demise is imminent. Either way, I needed an excuse to get to northern California.

The second came to me out of the blue. My friend @Platypus_Mage reached out to me, asking if I would like to share a room with her at OffKai Expo. Platypus and I almost exclusively talk about vtubers nowadays, so it wasn't entirely unexpected for her to ask about going to the vtuber convention. I had only heard about the con experience from vtubers and cosplayers, so I had zero expectations of what I would experience as just a regular fan. Nevertheless, I felt like I should take the opportunity, and say yes to attending OffKai, if only for the ability to be in NorCal.

Finally, and probably the least important of my goals, is that I've been in a mood for IPAs recently, and being in San Jose would bring me closer to being able to try a Pliny the Elder Double IPA. It's a classic for those on the West Coast, but I would never be able to find it at home regularly.

# Trip Planning and Logistics

While coming up with what dates I would be in California, my parents called and told me they were planning on going on a hiking trip, starting on the Wednesday after OKE. This was perfect, as it meant that I could join them, and still visit the parks in California.

Since I want to keep my time off compact, I decided that I would work through the Thursday before OKE, and leave from work straight to the airport. I would then spend 3 days at the convention, then 1 day each at Great America and Discovery Kingdom. This would leave me flying home on Wednesday.

As for flights, I happened to find a flight from CLT to SFO at 7:15 on Thursday. With the plane time and time change, this would leave me getting to SFO at 9:15 or so. Not terrible, in my estimations, for leaving after a work day. As for a return flight, things got a little more tricky. The listed flights for a Wednesday return were either red eye flights, or the one I ended up selecting, which was at 1:15PM. Seeing as Discovery Kingdom was open until 9 on Tuesday, I thought I would appreciate sleeping in. In total, the two flights cost $313. I've lost all bearing on what a good flight price is, because prices are just higher when flying out of CLT. I looked into trying to fly out of Greensboro or RDU, or even fly into San Jose, but flights didn't really show up for the time I was looking for.

For the hotel at OKE, I left Platypus in charge of that one. I forget if she had already chosen the hotel when I told her I had no preference, but I honestly did not even know the address until the day I left. I was more busy organizing a future trip to Universal Orlando.

After being distracted by organizing group trips to Universal and Animazement, I could go back to focusing on the solo portion of my NorCal Vacation. This started with me trying to figure out the different public transport options, until I just plugged SFO - SJ Convention Center into Google Maps, and it showed me the public transit stops I would need to take, and that I could just load a clipper pass on my phone and pay for it with my phone's wallet app.

At first, I saw that Santa Clara, home of CGA, was right up the road from San Jose, so I could just take the train to the park for the day. However, I realized that I would have to find a place to store my bags, so I instead decided to just get a rental car. I would need a rental car for the leg leading to Discovery Kingdom, so I decided to look into rental car options. I balanced between picking up and dropping off both in SFO, but multiple sources told me not to. So instead, I looked for options to pick up the car in San Jose and drop it off at SFO. I decided to hold off on selecting my rental until closer to the day, when I knew my schedule a little bit more.

Finally, the hotels for myself. The obvious hotel to book would be for Vallejo, for Discovery Kingdom. Upon looking at the hotels, I realized that all of the lodging in Vallejo is motels. An interesting observation. Not as big a problem, since I would have a rental car, but still unexpected. I decided that I would be coming in the night before and leaving the morning after the Six Flags visit, so I would just get two nights. I believe it was $151 for the two night package at a Travel lodge close by.

Lastly, I decided to book a hotel for myself Sunday night. This was totally optional, but I felt like between my snoring and a lack of street parking, my best bet would be to get a hotel closer to Great America. I splurged a little and got a $200 hotel room, just to make sure I was well-rested for the two days ahead. I haven't gone to a multi-day con beyond Animazement, and every time I leave AZ, I feel so lucky I have that Monday off to recover.

# Thursday

It turns out that I didn't need to wait to fly out! Thursday happened to be Juneteenth, which meant that I didn't have to wait to fly out. With my flight being delayed 30 minutes, I almost wished that I had taken an earlier trip. The vibes of everywhere I looked suggested that I would be able to take public transit all the way to San Jose, but I would be cutting it close. A 30 minute delay did me no favors.

I landed in California around 10PM. Seeing how late it was, I decided to just ball, taking public transit as far as I could.

I looked up the directions to the hotel on my phone, and it seemed like I could still make it with public transit, if I hit every stop on time. With this knowledge, I added a clipper pass to my phone and prepared for multiple transfers. Being able to pay with a single pass on my phone was _huge_, especially for the amount of distance covered.

I arrived at the hotel around 12:30AM, and after an awkward interaction getting checked in (I made it before Platypus), I was settled into the hotel room. Platypus wasn't far behind, arriving at 1AM. Despite the jet lag resulting in my biological time being nearly 4AM, I was stil alert enough to open the hotel door for Platypus and reach a relatively fine state of unpacking. We both finally settled into bed at around 2AM. It wasn't a great sleeping experience, with having to get used to the mattress, pillows, room temperature, and everything else, but at that point, I was just happy to go to sleep. Luckily, I didn't have anything on my schedule until the next day at 1PM, so I was free to sleep in as late as I wanted.

### Public Transit:
- SFO Airport Rail
- BART: SFO - Millbrae
- CalTrain: Millbrae - San Jose Diridon

$13.20 Fare (had to load $20, as CalTrain refunds you after you get off. Had to pay $12.20 to get on the train, and got refunded $4.50)

# Friday

For some reason, I woke up at 8AM. I guess, even though I was up ridiculously late, my body still wanted to wake up at a "reasonable" hour. Since Platypus had things to do in the morning, I decided to cut my losses and go get breakfast while she got ready. I had nothing on my schedule until the Lazuli M&G at 1, so I initially planned to just hang around the hotel room, until I remembered two things I needed to do in the morning: pick up a charger for my earbuds, and pick up my convention badge. I didn't want to make Platypus follow me on the detour, so I went alone. I walked to the 7-Eleven down the street from the hotel, where I was greeted with nothing I wanted. 

I was quickly introduced to the concept of public places in California not having publically available restrooms. This is devastating for me, because it adds a layer of planning to every stop I make. I do understand the position, however, because it's a huge headache for a business to maintain a public restroom. Luckily, I wasn't planning on being in too many public spaces during this trip, so it didn't affect me much.

Anyway, I arrived at the convention center just after 10AM, and got into the inevitable line for badges. I was surprised at the length of the line to pick up badges. I guess not as many people got to utilize the national holiday the day before to pick up ther badge early. However, the check in process was easy - they just needed to scan my ID! Much better than having to download an app for a QR code or making the desk worker look up my name.

The convention opening was quite the experience. I was still in the mindset of wasting time until 1:00, but there weren't any panels at that time that interested me. Instead, I decided to walk around and admire the convention center. The second floor was nothing but lines. Everyone was waiting in line for something.

I think this is a good time to talk about lines at OffKai. For this convention, the staff decided 
to change up how lines are organized. Instead of your typical line bunching up like the first diagram, where everyone follows in order, they made multiple parallel lines, and admitted each line in order:

```
A      * A B C
| /-\  * | | |
| | |  * | | |
| | |  * | | |
| | |  * | | |
\_/ |  * | | |
```

Then, if the lines wrapped around the corner, they would create more lines around the corner.

```
A B C
| | |
| | |
| | |
      D ------
      E ------
```

This is smart, because it reduces the number of line jumps from cutting corners, and also saves more space for people to walk around. However, my big problem with this system is that everything is unlabelled. You don't know which line is A, B, or C unless there is someone actively marking where the end of the line is. Additionally, you don't know where lines D or E are unless someone is pointing it out to you. It makes the experience of getting in line stressful, because you can't tell from a glance how long the line is going to be. There were a few times where I started to get in line for something over the weekend, just to see that lines D and E exist, and bailed.

This is all to say that my first thing I did at the con was head to the back of the hall and randomly choose 1 of 2 lines to get in. This is probably where I got the best sense of everyone there, as the back room of the convention center held the lines for the artist's alley and the industry hall. There were _so_ many people there, all dressed in different outfits and cosplays. I could have just entertained myself for a couple hours looking around. However, once 11:00 rolled around, the industry hall opened up, and I slowly made my way in.

I thought my first stop for the industry hall would be the Kawa Entertainment booth, to pick up the Lazuli birthday merchandise I pre-ordered. That booth was a little flooded, between people shopping for merch and people waiting for the first M&Gs. Failing that, I decided to check out the GlitchStars booth, to potentially sign up for a M&G there. Platypus and I were discussing it the night before, and with each talent taking 2 minutes per M&G, limited to 60 minutes total, the odds were not looking good. Since we were both unable to find places to sign up for the M&Gs online before the convention, I thought I would be able to sign up for a slot in person. That booth was crowded, so I just assumed that I would not be able to get a slot. At that point, I decided to check out the other booths.

The rest of the industry hall was pretty cool. Two gamer hydration brands, a few corporations, some vtuber apps, and a random assortment of other brands that had connections to vtubers. I was interested in the BART booth, but it looked like they were still setting up when I came by. I thought it was a bit strange that Phase Connect was able to reserve the entire left side of the room, when they didn't end up using all the space. Like, they gained points back in my book by using the back corner to hold space for the lines, but the front part of the booth, with the standees, just felt like empty space. Could it have been a staging area? 

After a couple laps around the industry hall, I stepped outside for some fresh air. On my way out, I saw an older woman, wearing orange, taking a selfie with the MomAtCookieBox standee, which she was about the same height as. Surely she wouldn't be that obvious? When I got outside, I noticed that the artist alley line was still filtering through. Given that information, I decided to give up and go get lunch, since I didn't know when I would be getting food next.

This brings me to my biggest failure of the weekend, which is that I am hyper-aware of the parasocial divide between the VTuber and the fan, and it makes initiating a conversation hard for me. Outside of Lazuli, I don't make it a point to watch specific VTubers every time they stream. I do watch Kanna, Hina, Dizzy, Bri, and Mako whenever they're live, but I don't feel like I'm in their top-tier fans. I know most VTubers have a good memory of who is in their chat, so they would probably recognize me by name, but beyond that, the conversation would be one-way. What else could I talk about, other than "I like this one facet of what you do!" I also don't want to test boundaries with a hug or a photo, and mess up whatever plans they had. I think Bri did it best when she just went on Twitter and said "I will be there. I will post my outfits. Please say hi. I will give you a ribbon. Please DNI with my friends unless they ask." Safe to say, I spent my entire lunch brainstorming what to have a conversation about with Luli. 

After lunch, I returned to the industry hall to get in line for literally the only thing I had planned, the Lazuli M&G. In line, I was finally able to meet up with the lads! I'll put a full list of the lads I met some point later in this document. However, the M&G was a lot of fun! The 90 seconds put a lot of pressure on me, but the relaxed nature of all of the staff really put me at ease. Lazuli, if you're reading this, the ice cream guy was gone by the next time I left the building! But don't worry, I did get ice cream later!

After picking up my pre-ordered merch, I decided to make one more attempt at the artists alley. I was discouraged when I saw a huge line out front, but after walking down a little ways, I noticed that people were freely walking in and out through the other doors, so I followed them in. I didn't expect the itasha showcase to be right there inside the AA, so I took a minute to appreciate the cars. I don't really care about cars from a mechanical perspective, but I really enjoyed the lengths these people took to make sure that the art would be perfectly cropped. I don't have much to say on the artists alley itself, because it was pretty much what one would expect. I bought a bunch of stuff.

There was a long gap between my first go at the artists alley, and the next event I decided to go to, Umi Kyoku's visual EP show... thing. There was a ton of time before that, so I played some board games, avoided the line to the Phase Connect show, went back to the hotel for a nap, and had one more meal.

Umi's show was powerful. Even if it was just an album visualizer, I would have been fully satisfied. However, there were two components of the show that brought it to the next level. The first was the in-between segments. I always enjoy when there is a logical flow between songs played in order. I prefer it to be with musical or lyrical ideas segueing one song into another, but segments of dialogue work well too. The second was seeing Umi, along with her friends, right there in the front row. I could tell that even though she made the show, it still affected her to see it live. I have followed Umi for quite a while, and I know her personal struggles before and after this current incarnation, and I respect that this show doesn't frame everything in a positive or negative light. At the end of the day, you can't help being yourself, whether you like it or not.

Getting out of Umi's show, I found out that the Yabai Market was open, despite what the info book says. It had been open for over an hour, and the market was still dealing with having lines to get into the main line. I knew I wanted to go in, just for the cultural experience, and since I was basically done for the night, I hopped in line, waited around 30 minutes, and got inside. I didn't stay long, because most of the stands were just selling lewd prints of the most popular vtubers. Thanks, but I see enough lewd Hololive art on the main subreddit. I got my Kiryu Coco bikini print and left for the night. 

# Saturday 

Now that I was caught up on sleep, I went back to the convention to figure out my plans for the day! I arrived at the convention around 11, and burned some more time with another lap around artist's alley, making time to look for prints of non-Lazuli Vtubers. After a short amount of time there, I made my way over to the community stage for the V-Dere concert. 

While waiting to get in line, I met up with Demon, one of the lads from yesterday. We got our seats near the front, on the left side, which actually turned out to be right in front of one of the two screens (the other being center state), which gave us great views of the show. The show itself was great, and seemed like a "typical" 2D vtuber show, featuring a mix of covers, originals, and group covers. The V-Dere girls are all great singers, and it was a different experience from just watching a karaoke stream at home.

Once the V-Dere concert ended, Demon and I started making our way over to the ChromaShift concert at the main stage. We waited in line for a short amount of time, until I checked my watch, and noticed that I was nearing the time to duck out! I had signed up for a unique-sounding TTRPG game at 1:30, so I left the line for the concert and headed towards the game room. On the way, I bumped into Himwo, who was playing a little side game. He had printed a few copies of the Nurse Lazuli art that he commissioned, but he wouldn't give you a print for free. First, the entry fee: in typical Lad fashion, slap your bellay! Then, beat Himwo in Jankenpon! I was the second person to beat Himwo, after many others had fallen. After that side quest, I made my way back to the games room, where I found out I was the only one who signed up for that game! The organizer suggested I come back for Dungeons and Dragons at 4:30, which left me another 3 hours to chill out.

After walking outside the game room, the first thing I saw was a Beyblade tournament in the lobby! Watching Beyblade is hype, even after being out of the game for so long. Once the action died down around the tournament, I started creeping on the public meet and greets, and listening to the conversations going on. This whole period was kind of a let-down, since there weren't any panels between 1:30 and 4:30 that I was interested in going to, so I felt that it was a little bit of wasted time. However, I did conclude that the long line outside the artist alley was for Phase Connect meet and greets! Once 4:30 rolled around, I joined the D&D game. Not much to talk about here, because it was a little disappointing. The combat sequences were pretty fun, but the dialog and decision making left a lot to be desired, because "good" players were threatening violence at every turn, and made it hard for the more rational players to immerse themselves in the story.

Halfway through the session, I took a quick break to go out into the atrium and participate in another Lad activity. Demon had purchased 7 coconuts, and we were going to perform some science. In her debut, Lazuli stated that her height was 7 coconuts. Upon stacking them next to the standee, we barely got halfway up. They were the smaller-style coconuts, but it was still whimsical to attempt.

The session let out at about the time everyone started lining up for the main event stage. From listening around the floor, it sounded like you needed to line up for a wristband to get in line. Seeing as I got free at 7, I felt like it was a little late to go through the process. Instead, I started on my side quests. My first quest, which I managed to wrap up on the walk back to the hotel, was to get a micro-USB charger. There was a computer repair shop down the street from the hotel, and I was easily able to get a cable. There was also a vintage video game store down the stairs, so I checked it out. The selection in there was impressive. It wasn't a typical store where people went to trade-in their old games for money. This store felt more like a collection of the less desired stuff, with a bunch of obscure games and peripherals. You could find old TVs, promotional materials, and even a copy of the BASIC computing language for the Commodore 64.

I went back to the hotel room to change my shirt and drop off my bag, and while I was there, I checked Untappd, looking at all the bars in the area for one that was serving Pliny. The closest one was a bar called Miniboss, which looked to be a bar + arcade joint. I had seen someone out front of the place all weekend, so I didn't know if there was a level of exclusivity, but I figured I'd try anyway. Turns out the guy was just checking IDs. I got my glass of Pliny, ordered a pizza, and settled in the back to play some pinball. Pliny was everything I wanted it to be. As a widely distributed DIPA, I knew it was going to be hazy, with a heavy flavor, but I welcomed the delicate balance of the ingredients. The hops were strong, but didn't burn. The malts didn't push it into a sugary mess. It just felt like a loud IPA.

I headed back to the convention, getting in the building at 9:45, for a long night ahead. My first stop was the "Boids simulation of the Hamtaro Pit" panel. When I saw it on the schedule, that panel called my name louder than anything else at the convention. I had spent a whole semester studying boids in college, and I still use what I learned when coming up with path designs in Planet Coaster. Although I don't go to any idol concerts, I've been to enough metal shows at this point that even I am interested in the dynamics of modeling The Pit. 5 minutes into the panel, after showing an example of the Hamtaro circle, I was all caught up. I paid close attention to the code examples in the presentation, and was surprised that my head was spinning with additional features and ways to optimize the code. Boids simulations are just fun, man. Also, I was surprised to see Platypus at the panel, but I think anything tangentially wotagei-related would draw an inherent audience.

I made a slick exit from the boids panel while everyone was dancing to head out to the dance party. I'm not a clubbing guy, but I love listening to professional DJs, so I figured being in a room with a bunch of VTuber fans was probably the optimal environment to have a bunch of people in the room just vibing to the music. What I didn't expect from the whole experience was the quality of the DJs! The only name on the list for the night that I recognized was Mono Monet, but everyone else also did a phenomenal job! The different acts all came up to the stage and blended their sets together, so it didn't feel like there was too much down time. During the sets, everything was so high energy that there wasn't any down time to sneak away for a drink. The only times I left the room were to use the bathroom and get water. At around 1:40AM, I started feeling tired, but I still wanted to be part of the crowd, feeling the music, and showing the DJ their appreciation, but I had no energy left to dance. After sliding out to the back of the crowd, you could tell the audience had thinned since 11, and once I caught my breath, I decided that I didn't have the energy to stay. I started my way back to the hotel. To my surprise, the city wasn't dead either, as people were still out on the streets past 2AM. Way different from how it felt coming in on Thursday. After waiting for Platypus to get in, and calming down from the party, I managed to close my eyes at 3AM.

# Sunday 

Last day of the convention, and a couple last things I wanted to see. After sleeping in a little, I arrived at the convention not too soon before the GlitchStars Jeopardy panel. For a general purpose VTuber Jeopardy show, the game was very well run! The questions had a great spread of difficulty, from surface level to extremely in-depth. Leah was a great panel host, and the audio mix was perfect. The guests they called up weren't all the smartest, but it was fun seeing them hold onto the lead because the more confident players would get things wrong.

Following that, I made my way to Reya's interactive panel. Guests were given Red and Green cards, and were meant to hold them in the air to interact with the stream. It was an interesting concept, but it made you feel like just another face in Twitch chat. The entire panel was carried by the presentation quality, with great visuals and almost 0 scuff. I could only stay half the panel, however, because it was almost time for the final event!

The Lads congregated outside the industry hall for one last whimsical activity: we were going to mail a coconut! After learning that it was explicitly legal in the United States to mail someone a coconut through the USPS, I waited for the opportunity to surprise someone with a coconut in their mailbox! From there, the pieces were laid in place. The lads were all looking to send something to Lazuli together. Kawa entertainment said they would accept our gifts (within reason) to send to their clients. We had 7 coconuts lying around. It was perfect! We all signed the coconut, and Demon even drew a little Lad face on it!

Since I had nothing else I really cared to do I decided to hang out with the lads for the waning hours of the convention. We all gathered in a corner of the main hallway where Kawa was setting up for the end of the standee auction. The auction results slowly trickled in, and we celebrated as members of our group all won their respective standees. We took our pictures, reminisced about our weekend, and spent a moment just decompressing. It really put the weekend in perspective, and turned this OK weekend into something I would want to come back for. And this is kind of how my convention experience goes for all cons. You get a little taste of another experience while there, and you want to go all in on it the next year. Next time, I just want to find a group of people to hang out with, and just do whatever the group wants to do, because I know that will be more fun than actively seeking cool events.

Oh, and while I was there, we were talking about the various ribbons you could get on your badge. A couple minutes later, Bri herself walked over and asked us if we were talking about the ribbon she was handing out. Internally, I was freaking out over my oshi initiating a conversation with _me_! However, because of how I explained above, I didn't want to externally freak out. I just told her that the one guy who was actively collecting ribbons left, and let her return to her friends. Maybe it would have been different if I hadn't seen Bri generally around the whole weekend, so I was prepared to hear her voice.

We took pictures with the PixelStart standees and said our goodbyes. With that, I began my preparations for the second part of the weekend. I had set up my rental car reservation to be picked up from the San Jose airport, so I hopped on the VTA headed towards the airport. From there, a bus took me to the rental car area. I had already checked in for my car rental (scanned ID and face) the day before, so I was able to walk directly up to my car and get rolling. I got used to the car by driving around the area looking for a place to get a late lunch, and following a quick meal, went back to the hotel one last time. 

I was hoping to see Platypus there one last time, since it was after the convention officially ended, but I had a feeling she was at an afterparty or something. I'm glad I did decide on the hotel for Sunday night, after the weekend we both had, so that we could both get some good rest. I made a bag check while packing up, to ensure everything still fit in the 2 bags I brought with me, and everything fit well, assuming I packed smartly. Sitting on the bed one last time in the hotel, the weekend started to catch up to me, and I decided to rest my eyes for about 15 minutes.

At this point, it was about 6PM, so I made it a point to check into my hotel in Santa Clara, the Aloft. The sun was just starting to set, and it made the drive towards the bay beautiful. I drove by Levi Stadium, and I kept my eyes peeled for Great America (safely), but no sights of a coaster. The parking lot at the hotel was weirdly packed, and I had to park my car in a larger business parking lot across the street. However, there was still signage from the hotel saying that you could park there, and that you paid for hotel parking separately from the hotel. That felt a little grimy, but I understood the reasoning upon check-in. In the main lobby of the hotel, there was a little balloon display, and the receptionist asked if I was there for the Metallica concert. Apparently, Metallica was playing a show at Levi Stadium, and the hotel was sold out. What's more, because the hotel was so close to the stadium, the hotel was charging non-guests to park there. This meant that they set up their hotel parking to be managed by a third party, so they had to charge separately.

After dropping my stuff in the hotel room, I went back out to go find snacks. I found a nearby Walmart grocery store and went to stock up on some sparkling water, fruit snacks, and almonds. Buying a 6-pack of beer at that Walmart was a huge pain, however. At first, I went to the self-checkout line because the human-assisted lines were pretty lengthy. However, when I scanned my beer, the attendant told me I couldn't purchase beer at a self-checkout. They sent me to a human-service lane, where I had to wait a while longer. When I got to the front of that lane, the worker said that he couldn't verify my ID, and had to call his manager. After his manager got to the counter, she took my order and moved to her own lane, where she was able to ring up my items. This frustrated me on many levels, because it was a huge hassle to buy beer in a place has a whole aisle dedicated to beer, wine, and liquor. ChatGPT informs me that there is a California law preventing people from buying alcohol at self-operated kiosks, which I guess is fine, but annoyed me for not having any indication this was the law. Then, I don't know if it was store policy, or the cashier being under 21, that prevented them from scanning my beer as well. Either way, I decided to protest in my own little way by following this transaction all the way through. I made it harder for everyone, but my silent acceptance of the situation probably communicated my frustration.

By the way, the hotel room was very nice. The ceiling in the bedroom area was extra high, which made the room feel huge. The sink, closet, and safe area created a nice entryway that separated the bathroom and the bedroom. The bathroom was separated from the bedroom by a frosted window. These 3 elements combined to give the whole room a unified, open feeling. I would have reveled in the luxury of the room a little more, if my evening didn't end with me drinking beer and watching Smiling Friends.

# Monday

I thought the main advantage of my hotel's location was its proximity to Great America, but I was a little burned by the hotel not having free breakfast included. Instead, I went out to Chick-Fil-A to eat breakfast in the parking lot. It wasn't too far out of the way. On my way into the CGA parking lot, I started doubting whether I would actually get into the park for the day. I had renewned my Carowinds season pass, and bought the all-parks add-on, but I hadn't actually been to Carowinds yet this year. I knew the policy at Six Flags parks was that you needed to go to the park where you bought your season pass at before you go to any other parks, but I supposed that since I was renewing my season pass, that it wouldn't be an issue. My theory was correct, and I made my way into the parking lot with no issue.

When I first got into Great America, I headed to the back of the park towards Grizzly. I love the clone of the ride in Virginia, and I know people had complained about this version. However, this ride is where I got my first and only Walk of Shame for the weekend. I had never ridden in a Morgan wooden coaster car before, and I didn't know what to expect. The seats use a shared lap bar for the row, that also shares its level with the other row in the train. That lap bar then has to be secured to the train with a seat belt. I believed I was able to fit on the ride, but for some reason, they couldn't fasten the seatbelt of the empty row behind me. I was extremely confused, but I don't like to put up a fight about this stuff, so I just walked off. Maybe there was a trick I could pull, like the leg crossing strategy every taller rider knows. I know that I had been slacking on keeping my weight down this past year, especially with how stressful getting into my new job was, and with the convention right before doing no favors, but this one walk of shame was enough to make me kick it back into gear. Hopefully, my next major park visit won't give me as much issue.

The rest of the morning went fine. I toured around the park, getting on rides at my lesiure, thanks to the lack of lines at the park. After a few rides to start off my day, I saw the Mass Effect 4D theater, open. This was crazy, because I had read on Reddit a few months ago that the ride had shut down. Seeing has I had just completed laps on RailBlazer, Gold Striker, and Flight Deck, I decided to give myself a break and get on this ride. However, this led to a shining moment in a park fan's life, as the ride experienced an emergency stop halfway through. The ride film immediately cut, the lights in the building came on, and the seats slowly returned to their neutral position. The actor on the ride was super professional through the whole experience, even keeping the same vibe as the directed guests to exit the theater.

After that interesting experience, I saw that RailBlazer was down, so I went back to my car for a snack before going back in for round 2. I got back in the park, rode the rides to finish off the credit checklist for the park, then waited for RailBlazer to reopen. I realized that between the chaos of OffKai and the time zone separation, I had only been talking to my friends that were on Discord. Since it was about 5:30 back home, I decided to call my parents and let them know that I was in Santa Clara, as per schedule, and discuss the remaining "fuck it I'll improvise" decisions I had left on my trip. RailBlazer reoped as I was finishing my call, and I spent the rest of the day bouncing between RailBlazer and Gold Striker.

Not much to report on how this place looks. It's pretty standard Cedar Fair fare. Everything looks either modern and polished, or nostalgic and glossy. While nice looking, there aren't really any unique themes or very immersive settings. Neither (besides Demon) are there areas that show their age and are charming for it.

Though I had originally planned to spend the entire operating day at the park, By 4:30, I was ready to head out. Wait times had slowly been increasing through the day, and I was tired for a multitude of reasons. I exited the park, spent a few minutes coming to terms with the fact that there was a sign on the way out that said "also check out Discovery Kingdom" and left. Checking my phone confronted me with a setback: traffic. By leaving at 4:30, I had inadvertently set myself up to drive to the other side of the Bay area during peak traffic. In trying to avoid this issue, I went to go get food at Laughing Monk Brewpub. Their Kolsch style ale was totally mind-blowing. I'm glad I was actively trying to waste time, so I settled down and had another after eating. The bar's food and scenery understated how good the beer was, and the quality remained consistent through the wheat ale I finished off with. As much as I wanted to navigate up to Vallejo through Concord, my GPS had me driving through San Francisco. Not wanting to be driving too late, I bit the bullet and started driving towards the city.

Along the way into the city, the drinks from earlier started to catch up to me, and I came in dire need of a bathroom break. I was a little hesitant to just stop at a random gas station, after not seeing public restrooms in any convenience store so far, so I navigated to the one place that would be too big to care: Target. This was actually intentional for another reason, because I need to stop at some point to pick up some sunscreen. I didn't realize that I had gotten _way_ too much sun today, and my shade of pink indicated one more day would mean serious burning. I know a typical six flags has less shade than a place like CGA, and I guess it is easy to get sun in California.

Following that quick Target run, I approached San Francisco from the south. The large highway started to give way to more winding roads, and the bright sunset shifted into darker weather. My parents decided to call me again, to make sure I was ok. As they asked me about my day, the rain slowly started to roll in, and at some point, I had to hang up on them to focus on driving. This period of focus didn't last long, and everything cleared up as soon as I reached the city. Well, when I say it cleared up, I really mean that the rain stopped. I couldn't see anything. The signature fog of the area was too powerful. I took in whatever sights I could as I navigated traffic north. This culminated in traversing the Golden Gate Bridge, which was still impressive with a 10 foot vision radius. I followed the highway, with signs for Vallejo now, through the fog, until I reached the final bridge back to the east side of the bay. The sight coming off the bridge, with the marshy coasts, low bridges, and signs pointing to tourist attractions far away, felt like driving around the beach at home, and capped off the day with a good sense of nostalgia.

Another drive into town, another day of not seeing the theme park. This one sort of made sense, as the park has a strict height limit of 150 feet. However, I thought that I would get some angle showing a coaster or something. The motel in Vallejo was pretty standard, save for the colors in the room being an ugly orange and green. The sink in the bathroom was awkwardly shoved in the corner, but the shower was nice and big. The mattress was also awkwardly tall, which made getting in an out especially awkward. Since I was pretty tired, between the sun, walking, and driving, I decided to turn in not long after I got in the room.

## California's Great America Ride Reviews 

### Demon

Something about the old Arrow trains just makes it so you can't brace for a ride on the first try. You have to learn how to ride the ride to avoid the pain. However, once you do learn how to brace for it, it's got some pretty good elements. 

The tunnels at the start of the ride and after the loops are cute. You pull some pretty good forces at the bottoms of the loops, and a pinch of airtime at the peaks. The transition into the corkscrews absolutely sucks as usual, but the sheer perfection of being inside the corkscrews is unrivaled. The good parts of the ride have a hard time overcoming the sheer jank of the transitions, but as an avid defender of Carolina Cyclone, I'll step up to bat for Demon.

Plus, the theming on the ride is really good for a ride of that age. The deep shifted voice of the safety announcement, the tunnels, and the tree coverage all combine to make a charming experience surpassed only by the Loch Ness Monster.

### Flight Deck

Demon may be able to get away with not having a station roof due to the tree coverage, but this lack of shade is extremely apparent on Flight Deck. The queue itself has some pretty good theming, getting you in the Navy fighter pilot headspace, but when you get to the station, you're reminded that you are at a Six Flags park. The most aggregious part of the station experience is that they do try to inject some theming by playing a relevant soundtrack, but one of the speakers set up to provide the stereo experience has a short in it, meaning that any time the train enters or leaves the station, the sound cuts in and out, which hurts what little immersion is left.

However, since this is a coaster in the Six Flags chain, we have to set that aside and judge this ride on its elements. And here is where I drop the act, and come clean that I was comparing this ride to Afterburn from the start. These two rides are the same model, from the same era, from the same park chain, with the same original theme. Even in the on-ride experience, you can't help but feel that the elements are very similar, albeit Flight Deck missing the main attraction (the batwing). The first drop is fun, whipping you to the side while it builds up speed, leading to a beautifully built up vertical loop that maintains its positive forces the whole way through. The first major diversion Flight Deck takes is putting in a helix right after the first loop. I get that this is probably to help the ride burn of speed (and extend the super short ride time), but a helix this early in the ride makes it feel like the ride is already trying to find its way to the end. Maybe it could have taken a cue from Afterburn and included another inversion, like a sidewinder, and just installed trim brakes afterwards. Inverted coasters are best when they are performing inversions, so I don't see why they didn't. They still did the best with what they had, though, and the helix does provide good Gs.

After the first helix, the zero-G roll is perfectly executed, as they are on other B&M inverts. The s-bend over the station doesn't do much, but it is a way to get prepared for the finale. This finale is the exact same as the one on Afterburn, with the added bonus of the water below. I knew the corkscrew was coming, so I was able to brace for it, and it was just as forceful as I thought it would be. Same with the final helix, providing some of the best Gs on the ride. However, with the water so close below, it's so much cooler. You can see the ripples below you as you pass by, and you hope that you don't fall into the water at the end of the corkscrew.

I can't dislike this ride. It's smooth and forceful, and gives exactly the intended experience.

### Patriot

The final of the trio of coasters without a station building, this coaster makes me question why mid B&M coasters from the early 90s don't get the same nostalgia factor as mid Arrow coasters from the late 80s. Like, this coaster doesn't suck any more than rides like Demon and Corkscrew, but I have less thoughts on this ride than Demon.

Basically, the first drop and loop are great. The ride's turns and helices are executed well enough, but they felt more meandering than made to provide forces. The corkscrew feels like it does on the other early B&Ms. Not much going on otherwise.

For its mildness, the ride is still photogenic. I like how the ride doesn't have a rectangular layout. The paths are strategically placed around the ride in such a way that you can't really see all of the coaster at once from anywhere in the park, which makes it feel bigger. This also means that there are multiple prime viewing locations for the ride, each showing off a different element of the coaster. Kind of like Kumba, or Goliath (over Georgia). It makes the ride experience more mysterious, because you don't know how all of the elements are going to be ordered, like a ride that can entirely fit in a single photo. Also, the blue and white color scheme looks amazing. They must have recently repainted the ride, with how bright that blue is.

### Psycho Mouse

For once, I unironically love a wild mouse. I had heard bad things about the operations of Arrow wild mice from enthusiasts who have been to ValleyFair, but those fears were not relevant here. The line was short, in thanks to the ride being at the back of the park. The hairpin turns at the top of the ride weren't as intense as the turns from other manufacturers, but I would rather a ride hit me with too little laterals than too many. The real shine of the ride came in the second half. Normally, on a wild mouse, the second half is a jerky mess where the ride tries to burn off speed with as much track as possible while trying to avoid the existing support pillars. Nothing about Psycho Mouse was jerky. Sure, there were quick jolts of laterals and airtime, but they didn't hurt. If it wasn't for the line picking up after I got off, and the fact that I was a single rider, I might have jumped back in line after my first ride.

### Tiki Twirl

For some reason, the only Disk'o style ride I have ever done was the one at Carowinds. At Fiesta Texas, I was taking a quick break for water. At Cedar Point, there were so many other rides I wanted to get laps on. At Dollywood, I never went into that county fair section, not knowing that the ride existed there until my parents rode it (and it was taken out the next month). Does Kings Island even have theirs still?  Seeing as this was one of the full disk models, and that it also had the hill in the middle, I decided that this would be the one flat ride I rode all day. It was pretty fun to take the hills in different directions. Not having to look at someone while you ride is a plus. However, I was disappointed by the hill in the middle. All it seemed to do was extend the length before we changed direction. Didn't get airtime at the crest, and didn't get positives in the valleys.

However, this is where I realized what western heat is like. I hear people in progressive spaces talk endlessly about the need for shade in communities, and I never understand it. Sure, being in the shade helps you a little bit on a hot day, but the real premium deal is the fan/mister combo. However, out west, shade is king. I was there on a relatively cool day, but I didn't realize it until I was in line for this ride. Sure, it was a little hot when waiting in line, but when I got in the shade for this ride, I was suddenly chilly. It blew my mind to see what just a little shade can do.

### RailBlazer

I've been looking forward to riding this for _years_. I originally got one ride on Wonder Woman Golden Lasso Coaster, and that whole experience was just a blur. It was exciting, intense, and disorienting. That was my first RMC experience, and I feel like I've built myself up to comprehend a clone of WWGLC now. I've been on plenty of RMCs with insane pacing, and my rides on Jersey Devil Coaster allowed me to understand what certain elements feel like in the single-rail position. It was time to go to the second of the twin prototypes.

This ride is peak. It is a collection of my favorite RMC elements, and none of the filler. I prefer the RMC coasters that actually have defined elements, and aren't just trying to load up with as many pops of ejector airtime as possible. This ride is just a string of well-executed elements, one after another. This is a real tour of forces, between ejector airtime in every row, good positives in the valleys, and even sneaky laterals on the s-bend. The real stand out moment for me on this ride is the s-hill right after the dive drop. The hill gets into ejector airtime, and it wins me over by being sustained. May not be the strongest airtime I've ever felt, but the feeling of being pushed from my seat for at least a full second was marvelous.

Despite my preparations, I still got a cramp on this ride. Just like the first time I rode Jersey Devil, I got a serious cramp on the inside of my left thigh, at the base of the first dive drop. This made the remaining seconds of the ride extremely painful, and I was mentally screaming to be let off the ride as we approached the brakes. Luckily, once the train came to a stop, I was able to adjust my leg in such a way where I was uncomfortable, but I was at least not experiencing any pain. I took this as my reminder to stretch before I rode this ride again.

After getting my physical issues with the ride sorted, my remaining rides were flawless. The inline seating of the Raptor model allows you to experience elements in ways you never could with other trains, and RMC knocked it out of the park with their first attempt. There is no shortage of rides close to home that feature rapid-fire pacing, sharp ejector hills, and great inversions, but the prototype raptor model is honestly the best execution of the full package. I can't even complain about the short length, because any attempt at making the ride longer would just kill the pacing. I just want those 33 seconds to last all day.

### Gold Striker

Man, I love GCI. They just don't miss. I looked at Gold Striker for 5 seconds, and I started to see the similarities to my beloved Thunderhead. The major difference here is that GS stands on flat ground, where Thunderhead is situated in a ravine, so the structure is much more imposing. Looks-wise, this is a pretty standard western/gold rush theme, with just enough decoration to sell that theme in the queue. Maybe if the line had been longer, I would remember the queue decorations, but I never waited more than 2 trains all day, so i just walked right up to the stairs to the station. I also really like the 49ers color scheme, with the red that's between maroon and red, and the muted gold. I was excited to see that color on the trains. What was weird, though, is that the trains were meant to have 2-tone cars, with the bottom painted one color, and the top another, but the cars in the train weren't all consistent with their colors. Some would be gold at the top, and others would be red. It's like maintenance took the trains apart, and put them together in any order, not caring which car went to which train.

I talk so much about the visuals of the ride, because it's hard to describe a GCI twister after the first drop. The pre-lift is pretty cool though. You have a little drop out of the station, and the turn into the lift pins you to the side of the train. I know plenty of rides that have a little turn into the lift, and I know most RMCs try to have some elements before the lift, but the sustained laterals of the pre-lift were so satisfying. The first drop is also cool. You get an initial first drop, which takes you into a turn around, where you get a little extra airtime as the ride finishes the drop.

GCI doesn't really have defined elements on their twister layouts. There are no straight hills, and banking is almost never flat. All you can do is look ahead of you and guess what's coming up. These unorthodox layouts provide a ton of reridability, because of how much it takes to comprehend the whole experience. It's not a bad kind of unpredictable either. There is no awkward pacing, and the ride doesn't compromise on forces. You still get great airtime on the hills, just with added laterals, because you never take one head on. Each turn is forceful in both the positive and lateral department. The forces aren't sudden either. Maybe it's the couch-like padding of the seats, or the less restricive lap bar, but the ride doesn't slam you down, or up, or to the side. You feel the forces, and the pacing, but without any pain. Truly magnificent.

### Mass Effect (Terra Nova?)

I felt nothing when the 4D theater was closed at Carowinds. Heck, I didn't even get on the ride after it changed from the Spongebob film to the interactive Plants Vs. Zombies show. Honestly, I wouldn't have even cared for the Mass Effect show either, except for one element: the live actor. This guy was doing a fantastic job of interacting with the film, and really stole the show. He was sitting at the front, with a "control panel" made of two blank panels meant to simulate the buttons arrays, and two handle bars that he could move back and forth. The way he hit the panel right in time with the sound effects, how he bent over backwards leaning back to "pull the ship into hyper speed," and moving those same handle bars in time with the gun blasts of the ship really sold that he was actually piloting the craft.

I had heard online that the ride had closed a couple years ago. I guess with the imminent park closing, they shuttered all plans to replace the theater and just ran the show a little longer. I'm glad that I saw this show, if not for just how unique this is at a Six Flags park.

# Tuesday

I guess a coffee machine and some wrapped snacks in the office (which you have to be buzzed into) counts as breakfast. Either way, I started setting my alarm back to earlier times, so that I could get used to EST again. This left me with an awkward stretch of time, because Six Flags didn't open until 11. I decided to spend this time reading my book, catching up on work emails, and getting a substantial breakfast. Six Flags likes to make people hike from the parking lot to the park, so I figured the plan to get a snack from the car wasn't a good call. 

Even after my time-wasting in the morning, I still arrived in the Discovery Kingdom parking lot before park opening. It was pretty chilly when I stepped out of the car, so I got back in and turned on the heat while I waited it out. Should have remembered the sun rule from yesterday: the SFDK parking lot is lined with solar panels, which allowed every car to be cool at the end of the day. Pretty nice. At some point I made my way into the park, and stil had to wait around a couple minutes before I could start riding rides.

Contrasting my lack of thoughts on Great America, Discovery Kingdom heavily follows the old Six Flags approach of "only make an area look better when we are actively placing a new attraction in the vicinity." However, due to the spacial constraints of this park, this means that most of the place felt like it was lifted right out of the 90s and placed in the current day. Sure, the new influx of cash from the merger allowed them to make the area not look like a dump, but the "safaricore" aesthetic means that you can't just slap a fresh coat of paint on it and call it a day. Luckily, the aesthetic of this park was locked in right when I was at peak childhood, so everything just felt comfortable to me.

The morning of the park visit was going relatively well. I got to ride pretty much all of the major thrill rides within a couple hours, and the way thhat the park was laid out and maintained, you could be confused into thinking that the front two clusters were all the park had. Such was the case until around 2. After getting off of Superman Ultimate Flight, I was attempting to return to the main midway, and took a wrong turn, which led me to a dead end, featuring Wonder Woman Whip, a giant pendulum ride. I am typically a fan of the _Giga_ Pendulum rides, but something about smaller models makes me sick. I'm not really the type to get motion sick, but that one ride type is the one that gets me.

After that ride on Wonder Woman, I felt woozy and out of it. This feeling signaled to me that I needed to take a break from rides. Still not consulting a map, I made my way back to the main entry plaza of the park and advanced straight from the entrance, up and over a hill. As stated earlier, there were no obvious indications that interesting stuff was in the back of the park, so I was essentially navigating with no destination in mind. I passed by the Johnny Rockets of the park, and my body tried to tell me that some food and drink might help me. Balking at the prices, I chose not to pursue food there. However, I knew that Six Flags parks aren't exactly known for their variety, and I hadn't seen any other food besides burgers/chicken and fries. I think Airtime Thrills says that they also have K-Dogs in the park, but if they were as expensive as they were at Great America, I'm glad I missed them. Given that this park is animal themed, I think that this park would really benefit from a place like Grain and Grill from the Cedar Fair catalog. An incorporation of global flavors in an approachable American wrapper.

I crested the hill and came to an isolated themed zone, featuring a few rides, a couple snack booths, and the children's play area. At this point, I gave into my desires and ordered a pretzel and water from the snack stand. It was still overpriced, but at that point, I needed some calories, water, and salt. The guy at the stand said the pretzels needed to heat up, so I took the water bottles and stepped out of the way, only to walk straight into the tiger exhibit! This guy was up and walking around, which was a welcome surprise. Almost all other big cats I have seen have all been laying around, or finding the next spot to lay down. The fact that this guy was moving almost scared me. After eating the pretzel, I rode the boomerang, skipped the spinning mouse (too long a line for more spinning), and continuted further down the path, fully expecting a dead end.

Turns out the reason the park feels like it ends not far in is because they have a fully set aside section for the animals! I couldn't hear any coasters, and the typical pop music of the park was set aside for "exotic" music, which really helped this area feel like a low budget zoo. The birds and monkeys were chill, and the lions were lazy like I was expecting. The real highlight of the zoo section was the Giraffe exhibit, because they were actually out and close to the fence. Next to this exhibit was an employee who was talking about the giraffes with park guests. I assume his main purpose for being there was to make sure nobody aggravated the animals, but the fact that he took time to talk to everyone was a huge plus. He even had a book that had information on all of the individual animals, and we were able to determine that I had seen a couple of the giraffes a couple years ago at Great Adventure! To see the same animal in both New Jersey and California was a little crazy, though.

After being in the dry California sun all day, I felt blessed when I saw a sign for the Butterfly Rainforest building. I didn't care if it was slightly warmer in the greenhouse, I felt right at home in the warm, humid building. Being surrounded by butterflies, ponds, and trees was another huge boon. Most butterfly exhibits encourage guests to buy a cup of nectar to hold out and feed the butterflies, and I thought it was more thoughtful that they instead told guests to not touch the bugs and just left out food areas instead. The fish, sloth, and tortoise in the building were also nice to watch, and I left the building feeling refreshed. After looking at the shark tank and dolphin pool, I had finished my lap around the back side of the park and ended back up in Gotham City.

After a couple more rides at the front of the park, I wrapped up another day, again before 5PM. I could have enjoyed a couple more rides on Medusa and Joker, but I still wasn't feeling 100%, and didn't want to force myself on rides if I was going to feel worse after getting off. Instead, I got in the car and headed north towards Napa. I was in the general area, with time to kill, so why not try the wine there? Seeing as I was alone, had done the winery experience before, and was tired of doing touristy things, I just went to a pizza restaurant and had the house wines there. Italy taught me that the house wine at a restaurant in wine country is just as good as the mid-tier wine anywhere else. That premise remained true.

The drive south from Napa was far more impressive than the drive in, because all of the grape plants were planted on the north faces of the hills, meaning all of the trellises that were once hidden were now visible. In the fading light of the sun, it was a nice view to cap off the trip. I decided that Wednesday was going to be an early day, so I returned to the hotel, did all of my packing for the plane ride, and went to bed. As I was packing, I decided to ditch my penlights in the hotel. My bag was pulled aside at TSA for inspection because of the penlights, and I didn't want to have to repeat that experience on the way back.

## Six Flags Discovery Kingdom Ride Reviews

### Batman The Ride

Yet another clone of the longer S&S 4D Free Spin layout. I still enjoy this coaster model, because every ride is unique. Getting more or less flips changes how you experience the ride. I did enjoy the little bit of theming in start of the queue, but I feel like that theming was also at the Fiesta Texas version of the ride.

### Boomerang

A standard Vekoma Boomerang with the old trains. I did notice the face that was painted onto the dog that pulls the train backwards up the first hill this time. Are they on every version of this ride? I could have sworn I heard about it being at another park.

### Superman Ultimate Flight

A Premier Skyrocket II clone. The first one though! This one had a 2-car train, as opposed to the 3 that I had ridden at the Busch Gardens parks, and I feel like this actually made the ride feel different. I can't explain all the ways the ride felt different, but the forces definitely felt like they traded intensity for duration. Don't let the short section on this ride fool you, this was probably my favorite ride of the day, but since it was a clone, I don't have too much to say about the ride experience. As for the visuals, the outside left a lot to be desired, but I enjoyed the decoration inside the station. Sure, it was minimalistic, but they put the comic texture on all of the walls of this enclosed space, which is better than just a grey warehouse.

### Joker

I disproportionately like the older RMC hybrids. This is no different, but it does contain a harbinger of my least favorite element: rapid ejector hills. Near the end of the ride, the train hops up on top of a bunny hill, and instead of going back down, it only dips down a little bit, sending riders into another ejector hill on the way down. As cool as this is, and despite the great ejector force, it's so quick that it feels more painful than fun. You feel violently slammed into your lapbar for just a second, then back down. Before you can even recover from the first impact, the ride slams you up again. I am not a fan of this maneuver at all.

Other than part, this is a great RMC, slotting right behind Twisted Cyclone in my RMC rankings. The first inversion, the under-flip, is as close as it gets to an RMC hybrid doing a basic corkscrew, my favorite inversion. I also appreciate that they attempted to add a zero-G stall to a smaller scale RMC. The ride gives you airtime from every angle, and each inversion feels totally different. You got your money's worth from this.

They did just enough with the theming of this ride that it's actually distinct. I would say that the building decorations are unique, but it feels exactly the same as the Joker rides at Great Adventure and Over Georgia. The lead car, with Joker's face, is a nice touch. They could have just painted his face on the front or applied some logo decal, but I'm glad they went for the whole face. My favorite part, though, is the "HA HA HA" decorations hung from the structure. Wooden coaster supports take up a lot of space, but you can't paint a mural or hang a banner on them. The approach with the decorations was smart, because they still allow maintenance to inspect the suports, while looking like the Joker sprayed that graffitti on the wall.

### Kong

I started my day on this SLC, and it was actually unbearable like I expected! I somehow made it to 160 credits without riding an SLC, yet 2 of my last 15 credits were SLCs. While Mind Eraser (Elitch) was a generally subpar experience, Kong was as bad as people hype up the ride to be. The part that really got me was that the ride did not handle the inversions very well. Being the first train of the day, I was one of 2 people actually on the ride, meaning the train didn't clear each inversion with full speed. I had heard somewhere that unlike the B&M inverted coasters, SLCs allow for a little bit of swing, and I actually felt it at the top of the first 3 inversions. You would come all the way up, slow down a little, and feel a slam as the seats swung to the other side.

This ride seemed to leech off the theming for Medusa, feeling like a jungle outcropping from the temple. The initial switchbacks led to a set of stairs, with one more switchback leading to the station. With how much Six Flags has been neglecting the station building, and the shoddy fence around the elevated queue portion almost helped the theming. The ride's paint is also a little bit old, but at this point, that's also part of the worn down jungle theming.

### Sand Serpent (?)

Oh my god, the train is long. I was expecting some kind of whip around the elements from sitting in the back, but the ride seems to have been designed to be as forceless as possible. I guess the long train allows you to go further with less speed.

### Medusa

B&M Sure knows how to make a coaster with 7 inversions. It's kind of like the hotel room of coasters. They're all essentially the same, but each one has its little quirks that make them stand out. This ride's unique features are pretty cool. The straight drop is nice, but I didn't get too much airtime off of it. Good loop, into a dive loop, into a zero-G roll. Pretty standard fare, and I love how the zero-G roll feels. 

The Sea Serpent Roll is the signature element of this ride, and I found it a little weirder than I thought. In theory, it's a half loop that exits in a corkscrew, immediately into another corkscrew that turns into a half loop. Almost like a Cobra Roll, but you exit the same direction as you start. However, the two corkscrews at the top don't flow into each other. It feels like you get out of the first roll, shuffle around a little bit, and roll back into the other corkscrew. I feel like part of the problem is that B&M doesn't do straight corkscrews, concentrating the rotation at the apex, but they still wanted the ride to look like it does a continuous roll. What's funny is that there is a better sea serpent roll feet away.

The ride looks like it was just recently painted, and the green and purple really stand out. Since it exends out into the entrance plaza, it makes for a really nice entry experience. And of course, when you're leaving, you can line up the apex of the zero-G roll with the loop, and it's so satisfying to look at.

# Wednesday 

I had it in my head that I would get to the airport relatively early, and work a half day there. However, with every delay, that possibility looked less likely. Given the drive a couple days ago, I decided to leave the hotel around 6:30 and just drive down. What I had failed to account for was that I was driving through daily commuter traffic! This almost completely walled off going through San Francisco, so my drive was filled with cars and hills, not knowing exactly where I was going, but trusting the GPS. Given the time of day, I was being led around the major highways, as they were either congested, or toll roads. Eventually, I was back on the northbound highway headed towards the airport.

Getting into the airport was a relatively easy process, save for the part where I had to refill the gas tank. This was the first time filling the rental car's gas tank, and it was hard for me to gague which stations were upcharging because people went there before the airport, and which ones were just expensive because California gas is expensive. The security check line was longer than expected, and it was a little confusing to navigate to. The airport shuttle drops you off at the terminal on an upper level, and when you get off, you turn left and see the TSA pre-check line. However, the regular security entrance is a floor below.

In the airport, I fetched my brunch, sat down in a quiet corner of the airport, and opened my laptop. It was probably 1PM back home, and I checked in with my coworkers. Seems like they didn't have anything pressing for me to work on remotely, so I just checked my emails, gave status updates on my projects, and migrated towards my gate. The back corner of the terminal seemed to be dealing with chaos and delays, so I thought of ways to spend my time, leading me to creating this very document! I set up GitHub on my phone, downloaded the document for offline editing, and got to writing the opening section. Where my flight originally had me getting home at 9 that evening, I was now scheduled to land at 10:15. So much for my plans to meet my family in the mountains directly from the airport.

Although I had arrived at the airport, the real fun had just started. Because the plane was so full, the people at the gate were checking all wheeled bags. Since my bag was just clothes and merch at that point, I had no argument for keeping it on me. This meant that I would have to wait in the dreaded checked luggage pickup. CLT is notorious for taking forever to get checked bags out to passengers, so I figured I would find a spot in the corner and listen to music as I waited for my bags. At this point, I was too tired to keep writing in this document, and just as I sat down, my earbuds died, and I had no way to charge them and listen to music. I tried to get a couple more paragraphs in the document, but mainly, I just wandered around impatiently. I was already past the time I had reserved for leaving the parking garage, and was wondering if I would need to pay extra on my way out.

After waiting way too long for my bag, riding out to the parking deck, and a quiet drive, I made it home at 12:30AM. Since a lot of the shorts I wore to California I would also need on my hike, I emptied my bag straight into the laudry machine for a wash cycle before bed. This week may have already been long and exhausting, but the remainder of the week was looking to be long, _hot_, and exhausting.

# Overall Thoughts, Advice

TODO: Come up with overall thoughts on this trip, and offer advice for anyone doing a similar trip.
